and well accepted secular commenting and
I bring you gameplay of the black ops 2 of
fact was my first gameplay is watching
the phrase that I am using took the
ms mc and good as I said was first
gameplay I said oysters this me what
I keep to comment on it first
game that came out pretty good is
a hard game for teams and good
is using it as surely mc
with peephole and laser sight there was no
unlocked nothing by then
so good a game that I'm going to
comment a bit like I'm fine all
this of lakoff 2 and at the end of the day
Of course I liked the game but
I want to tell you the good things and the
bad things that he also has
has a bad thing that does not
you simply want to share by the
bad for me personally but good you
I'm going to tell you a little bit what's been
the game I love I love but for
everywhere is to say the first thing that
you have with the game is oysters or is there
something that they have done bad for example the
sound the sound I 've heard it and
It makes time I listen to the first
games I said how disgusting sound no
it sounds like I do not know how canned it is
Now it's weird but then you stop to
think about it and that is that they have also done
the sound that was made to us is weird
it is not so well done that a
difference with other games this us
it seemed bad not here I mean me
I mean that for example if you look
they are as even quilted with when
when there are no walls and others
listen from another perspective if
have you tried to use as for example
the drone the dragon drone fail
this good in the 4 bull box the rotor
whatever you want to call it if you have
tried to use you know using it
the sound is totally different it sounds
as if you were really inside
the streak that is a sound paste is
true that when listening to the
steps and others do not listen too but
well let's say that to me personally I
has delighted then that other things you
I'm going to tell you at the moment I was trying
gusts you know that the combination that most
used to carry is first the turret and
then I always put the agr or do not see
like the occasional helicopter but
nothing, man, blé is nothing
that can control what you need
throw on the floor because at the moment
the long runs are coming out
that you have noticed in this game is a
kills kills at least is what I
appeared for the moment of choosing
to appear and to die to die to die to kill
to one die then it costs a lot
catch the gusts and how we got to
be playing a game mode as per
example could be they would not let me put
now the turret has not let me put
there and is saying mother at home not what
You can shoot up but hey what
it seems to me that it costs a lot to take out
recessions unless you 're
playing at the best demolition that
implant is a pump carries 200 points and
if you manage to exploit the 400 and
you say good 600 points is very good or
low confirmed that each sheet is of
100 points has to be something that
you find so this one is fine but
it usually costs quite to get you out
a very very high streak then things
good and bad things that part of
This on the one hand seems good to me because
There you get a run really hard and
it costs to take high sequences but good
On the other hand, it seems to me that
I do not know in some cases it costs
too but hey it 's not what's hot
that in another world you can get all
the stripes etcetera here you see me that in
the first prestige was super
obsessed because 11 the radars the
I'm going to throw all and above base 35
points so I think to certain ideas
radars because good indeed nobody else
I was throwing something else, that is, I used to create
some helicopters or anything like that
and if they throw the cost afterwards also for
down that way there was no problem
as you are seeing here as I say
they were trying lots of weapons for that
I also liked implied in that of meter
the type as well as the one used
at the beginning since it takes a bit like the
backup as you know all the maps and
what I'm looking at is that they are two maps
lengthened you have fixed and not
elongated good also symmetrical and what
that I referred to two maps are
completely symmetrical as you have
realized for example in this is
symmetric is to say you cut it by the
half and fold it and this one go out to another
part totally equal or makes a couple
already act the map of
it seems that it is an electrical input by
a nuclear center or something like that
emilio maps are all practically
symmetrical and that is obviously done
so that from one side and another when
reappear there is no kind of
let's say that unsettled disadvantage and
also at the level of competition then in
the more equal you are from each side
so much better then let's say that
the maps have worked very hard
as I tell myself colorful and everything
I love this I especially do not know
what gives you joy play the game we
it seems absurd but first takes hockey
I put in the whole game in fact I could not
catch the tomahawk I just
I tried and you can believe that I still do not
has unblocked the crossbow has not even
bought or I carry a prestige and not
I have touched the crossbow is still something
what good was emilio testing in
guns and it's guns and everything and the the
ballestera tried so very much in the game
of instruction that in the end there was no
tested in this mode but good though
I have come to say is that I have tried so many
I've tried a lot of weapons
I still have many others left
try that why I have not done yet
none would have better weapons or rifle
& assault submachine guns what it is that
it is clear that in this game the
submachine guns are those
they distribute and distribute a lot very much
very much very much is exaggerated what
you kill like a submachine gun and the truth is
that I hope that it gets off in fact good
has confirmed that they will lower it eye
the gun a rpg of these then to the
pull but they hardly hurt here thing
I like that they hardly hurt the
people the rpg if this kind of thing
or game they got people that I do the
mess is something out the window killed this
who does not know the partner did this
is my partner or he killed him and he said
still keep looking up to see
what the hell had happened to the people
that was not a play that said my mother
I'm already killed eight times good maybe not
what the stunners the heights because or
I really do not usually carry
stunners or anything always in spending
all in accessories because it is what most
I care about the truth and not just have
enough points for the
I always get stunners
fragmentation and others but the
authorities just one pass like that
the electric charges taken final
through the window just like the charges
electric as well as a turret
analysis you have seen the turret
the rate I do not know what exactly the
system this you put it on the ground and
does not block like grenades and other there
a lot of things and the good thing is that there
that as I say many, many, many
things and very few points where you have
to choose very carefully and that's what
what am I doing trying to find the
perfect way or combination
perfect to be able to tell you the and let's say
that everyone can have a streak
pretty good but good as I say
this first prestige has been
basically like so summarize it
try everything and the truth is that it gave me
pretty well I discovered that the
impossible are the damn key so
great that you liked this video that
you vote, I like a lot of favorite
thanks for the support in all these
videos because it's amazing so good
here you have two more videos because we
you have seen just click the
screen and subscribe if you have not yet
you are for upcoming videos all
goodbye